1. Printlok:
This application has multiple UserTypes. 
The SuperAdmin can create employees and assign UserTypes within the organization.
When an employee is registered, an email or sms will be sent to the user based on Authentication Type. 
Except for the SuperAdmin role, every employee's location will be tracked using this application.
We store the employee's workplace and capture the employee's location on a daily basis. 
We do not track them after the logout time. Additionally, we do not track them when an employee's leave is approved.

2. Project management:
This application has multiple UserTypes. 
The SuperAdmin and HR can create employees, add approvers, view timesheets of employees within the organization.
When an employee is registered, an email with login credentials will be sent to their email address.
The Team Leader can create multiple tasks, create projects, add timesheets, assign employees to projects and tasks,
and assign tasks to projects, etc.
The Employee can add tasks and timesheets.
In the dashboard, we can see the task progress, project progress, task count, project count, Active projects, etc.

3. Email Application:
This application have Admin and User UserTypes.
The admin can create users and an email with login credentials will be sent to their email address.
The users can login to the application and send emails, receive emails, reply, reply with attachment, forward emails, 
delete mails, view inbox mails, draft mails, sent mails, flagged mails, unread mails, spam mails, Trash mails etc.
The users can also create Folder, move emails between folders, mark mails as important, mark mail as read or unread, etc.
The users can also create signature, etc.
This application supports domain based registration.

4. Leave Management:
This application has Manager, HR and Employee UserTypes.
The manager and HR can create employees, view employees leaveRequest, 
business Travel, work from home, permission details, approve or deny the request.
The employee can Request for leave, work from home, business travel, permission, etc. 
They can also send a request to withdraw leave once approved, they can cancel the leave before approval.
On every request, approvals, denials, an email will be sent to the registered email address.

5. EYETRAC - VEHICLE TRACKING WEB APPLICATION:
Eyetrac is the GPS tracking software developed for Vehicle tracking and supports 
more protocols. With Help of Eyetrac you can monitor your devices in real-time, It 
Provides instant web notifications in cases of geo-fencing, over speed, Text Message, 
Motion, Ignition. Eyetrac supports simple location history, trip and summary reports. 
You can view data directly in the web and also export and download an Excel file. 
History can also be projected on the map providing visual representation. 

6. NURTURE FARM:
Nurture farm is an application where farmers can sell their crops online.
The user can be registered as a buyer, seller or both.
The seller can a create listing based on the category provided.
The buyer can buy these listing.
The buyer or seller can create category, which will be approved or denied by the product owner of the application. 
If approved, it will be listed in the category.
Once the buyer wants to buy the listing he has to make a payment.

7. LOCATO:(Track your store)
Locato is a mobile application that enables local vendors to register and 
customers can track their location details so that any customer can reach them easily.
The user can register as a Normal user and Vendor, 
Vendors can add the Business details, category details, items details.
Normal users can directly visit the location based on the location provided in the app.
So the customer doesn’t need to search for the location of what he needed.
This app can be used in big expo as well to track the temporary stalls.
If the vendor changes his shop location, then we can easily reach them.

8. LARGE VIDEO UPLOADER:
The Large Video Uploader allows users to upload and download large videos from a server based on their preferences.
The Admin can upload the videos, the users can download them. 

9. Integration Designer and Developer(Retail Domain):
I have worked on the Sales Order.
In order to create a Sales Order, we checked if there is a customer, and if there is no customer, we created a customer.
Whenever we create a customer, there is something called a Party and Account. A Party can have multiple Accounts. 
Party can be a Individual Person(consumer/end-user) or an Organization(customer)
Every Party will have a partyId, partyNumber, partySiteId, partySiteNumber.
Next, we checked if the item is in the inventory or not.We create a Sales Order if the item exists.
